# Close-to-us-Away-from-me
Personal space is not a fixed concept with specific dimensions. It is rather a malleable one that depends on situation characteristics, individual characteristics, perpetrator characteristics, etc... and proxemics is the area of knowledge that deals with exploring these characteristics in order to better understand physical proximity preferences in individuals. Studies have shown that variables such as sex, age, group identity, ... determine one's personal space dimensions in a given context and their preferred physical proximity to others.  On the other hand, one variable that has not been studied - at least not directly - and that could be a significant determinant of proxemics is social class. A few studies have looked at socio-economic status as a predictor of proxemic preferences, but none have directly tackled social class. And there is good reason to believe that social class is an important variable to explore when it comes to proxemics. Indeed, (independent vs interdependent self).... This is why the aim of this research is to explore the role of social class in proxemic preferences. More precisely, we seek to answer the following research question: How does social class modulate proxemic preferences in crowd contexts?

In this project, you can find :
 - 'Data-Cleaning.Rmd' : A markdown script for the data cleaning of this project. This script contain: renaming the variables, calculation of composite scores from multiple items of a scale...
 - 'Physical distance stimuli creation.Rmd' : A markdown script for build the tables which are used in the Psytoolkit task to generate the visual material of the experiment.
